(require 'package)
(setq package-enable-at-startup nil)
(add-to-list 'package-archives '("melpa-stable" . "https://stable.melpa.org/packages/") t)
(add-to-list 'package-archives '("melpa" . "http://melpa.org/packages/") t)

(package-initialize)
(unless (package-installed-p 'use-package)
    (package-refresh-contents)
      (package-install 'use-package))

(setq  package-list
  '(ggtags auto-complete popup color-theme-sanityinc-tomorrow helm-ag helm helm-core async popup async helm-dash helm helm-core async popup async helm-flycheck helm-core async flycheck seq let-alist pkg-info epl dash dash helm-git-grep helm-core async helm-gtags helm helm-c\
ore async popup async helm-projectile dash projectile pkg-info epl dash helm helm-core async popup async helm-rtags rtags helm helm-core async popup async helm-swoop helm helm-core async popup async helm-themes helm helm-core async popup async magit-find-file dash magit wit\
h-editor async magit-popup dash async let-alist git-commit with-editor async dash ghub let-alist dash async magit-popup dash async org-bullets popup projectile pkg-info epl dash rtags seq try use-package diminish bind-key which-key with-editor async))

; fetch the list of packages available
(unless package-archive-contents
  (package-refresh-contents))
  
; install the missing packages
(dolist (package package-list)
  (unless (package-installed-p package)
    (package-install package)))
(custom-set-variables
 ;; custom-set-variables was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(package-selected-packages
   (quote
    (which-key diminish try org-bullets magit-find-file use-package magit helm-themes helm-swoop helm-rtags helm-projectile helm-gtags he\
lm-git-grep helm-flycheck helm-dash helm-ag color-theme-sanityinc-tomorrow auto-complete))))
(custom-set-faces
 ;; custom-set-faces was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 )  
  
